I said it several times and they told me
preseason that we're going to have the
possibility of seeing a game at home
2-0 for the final I bought it then
the only thing that remains is that only
that we have a complicated obstacle because
the lion
it's a team that has always turned
goals but we have also
received very few young people in a match
of soccer and many things can happen
we hope to be more precise than the other
day us
and I think the public support is going to be
fundamental and also make matches
at home without despairing is a match
of football and we also do not have
despair that I'm calm because
we have a lot of experience people and what
they will know how to drive
We think it's going to be a good match
football and we will see who is more
prepared to withstand the pressure
but let's continue the same we do not have to
what change are we the same with the same
script let's continue playing the same with
the same intensity with same
aggressiveness the only thing we have wants
hit the arch just the other day
we had 56 approaches the canary and
we throw everything out then I think if
we make a goal first
the psychological change is very important
so we have to be very good at
defensive and make a goal nothing else to do
a making a goal I think the appearance
of insurance that will change a lot the
party then we need people
that people support us and I think that their
important actions
we will only try to take a game to
rival field as it was the other day but
we know that lion has great players
and that he will not stop looking for a goal
then we have to make a match
almost perfect to pass the series
but I think that the support of the people is going to
be fundamental to give that extra to
the players that the players
they need the encouragement of the people to
to give that little bit more than
we need
we want to reach the final but
no no
when you finish participation and do
a recount there I tell you so that we
it reached and if we fulfill we fulfill it today
we need to earn 20 to get to the
final I do not want to talk about assumptions not
I'm interested, I'm not made up